the coolest thing I ever did while I was in the Navy was when I went skydiving
with more than one of my buddies. Um, on some random weekend
is like 100 bucks or something. But that has nothing to do with Navy.
That that's, uh, when I had some free time. But while I was working
for the Navy is probably when I first got to my aircraft care and
I went up to the flight deck, you know, put your ear plugs in and
saw all of the planes start to come in. That's when you know, like you
smell the greenness saltiness of the of the ocean. You see the planes
coming in, Uh, you see, like all the people in their in their skittle
outfits, you know, sending them off and bringing them in to see
the catapults Um, fly off the f fourteens. Um, F 22 is now. Yeah,
it Z. That's when you know, like, finally, all the training that had
been doing for the last two years, all of the, you know, times that
I heard about it. Now I'm finally in the navy and that that was cool